thank you for purchasing our
three-in-one rocker Napper the assembly
may take several minutes we thank you
for your patience and I hope you and
your baby will enjoy this winning
product take out the different parts
from the package box and lay them in
front of you you should have right and
left frames one body support one front
beam front and back legs notice that the
front leg is wider than the back leg one
main body one bassinet two identical
bassinet connectors one toy arm one pad
two identical slide guards four screws
you will also need a Philips head
screwdriver
one C battery and three Triple A
batteries connect the front beam to the
front of the left and right frames
insert it until you hear a clicking
sound attach the frame to the body
support connect it at four places two
snaps
and to clicks make sure you hear the
clicking sound and you'll know it's in
place connect the front and back legs
make sure you distinguish the front leg
from the back align the tube so that you
can insert the leg easily make sure you
hear a click now slide the main body in
the head side is where the colored
handle is you'll know it's in place when
you see the four screw holes screw the
four screws in place take the two
identical slide guards and snap them
into place
place the bassinet over make sure the
tiny luv logo on the safety restraint
points towards the front end insert the
metal parts of the bassinet into the
tubes of the base frame push until you
hear a click repeat in all four places
position the bassinet so that the holes
in the fabric are over the snaps on the
main body
place the two identical bassinet
connectors inside the strings should be
between the bassinet wall and the
connector attach each connector to the
snaps until it clicks
the right side of the pad is the softer
one place it inside pull the safety
restraint belts through the holes secure
the pad by tying the strings open the
toy arm cover using the arrow align it
properly and push it down until it
clicks to release the toy arm align the
arrow indicator and pull it out never
use the toy arm to carry the rocker
Napper insert the C battery in the
vibration box insert the three Triple A
batteries inside the top of the toy arm
enjoying the three-in-one rocker Napper
adjusting the reclining positions is
easy simply pull the handle with one
hand and release it the back will be
secured in your desired angle make sure
to support the back of the rocker Napper
with your hand when adjusting the angle
for rock and play mode front and back
legs must be folded in four Napper
position front leg must be open and back
leg folded in four versatile seat
position open the back leg and keep the
front leg folded in dismantling for
laundry purposes the pad and the
bassinet are machine washable please
wash them separately in cold water on
the gentle cycle and line dry in the
shade first remove the toy arm then
untie the strings pull out the safety
restraints and remove the pad
unsnap the two bassinet connectors
insert a round shaped tool inside each
of the four holes in the frames and
remove the metal base pull the metal
frames out from the bassinet fabric when
assembling back after washing notice one
metal frame is bigger than the other the
bigger belongs to the back and the
smaller to the front remember that the
tiny love logo must point to the front
three-in-one rocker Napper by tiny love
easy switch from sit to sleep and joy